AI Toolkit Model Conversion update GA docs (#8904)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/intelligentapps/modelconversion.md

1. Alternatively, close the current model project and [create a new project](#create-project) from the start.

### (Optional) Delete a model project

> 1. Open the model project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the model project and select **Models** > **Conversion**.
```

> 1. Select **Models** > **Conversion**, and then select three-dot button on the top right panel. You can delete current selected model project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the top-right view, select the ellipsis (**...**) and then **Delete** to delete the currently selected model project.
```

      - **Qualcomm NPU**: to use this, you need a compatible Qualcomm device.
      - **AMD NPU**: to use this, you need a device with a supported AMD NPU.

>       - **Intel NPU**: to use this, you need a device with a supported Intel NPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - **Intel CPU/GPU/NPU**: to use this, you need a device with a supported Intel CPU/GPU/NPU.
```

>       - **NVIDIA TRT for RTX**: to use this, you need a device with compatible Nvidia CUDA GPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - **NVIDIA TRT for RTX**: to use this, you need a device with a Nvidia GPU that supports TensorRT for RTX.
```

    4. An Azure Container App (ACA) job is triggered to run Cloud Conversion. For a running job, you can:
        - Select the status link to navigate to the Azure ACA Job Execution History page.
        - Select **logs** to navigate to Azure Log Analytics.

>         - Select refresh button to fetch the current job status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Select the refresh button to fetch the current job status.
```

        ![Screenshot that shows prompt for provisionning.](./images/modelconversion/cloud-conversion-history.png)

> [!TIP]
> If you don’t have a GPU available for LLM model conversion, you can use **Run with Cloud**.

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > Keep in mind that **Run with Cloud** only supports model conversion and quantization. You need to download the converted model to your local machine for evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Run with Cloud option only supports model conversion and quantization. You need to download the converted model to your local machine for evaluation.
```

>

> > **Run with Cloud** does not support model conversion using DirectML or NVIDIA TRT for RTX workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run with Cloud does not support model conversion using DirectML or NVIDIA TRT for RTX workflows.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > **Recommended workflow**: the **Recommended** column will point out the workflow based on whether your device is ready to run the converted model. But it's OK to run any workflow as you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Recommended** column will show the recommended workflow based on whether your device is ready to run the converted model or not. You can still choose the workflow that you prefer.
```
